http://jasonsantamaria.com Website review:


        Initially, the website was easy to access and did not take a long time to load. Being directed to the homepage, your eyes are greeted with a plain website set up. The background is white with simple black text, minimal pictures and no animation. When clicking on different page tabs, you see the same plain design. The homepage jumps straight into article posts and at quick glance, it is unclear who Jason Santa Maria is or what he does for a living. However, if you scroll down to the bottom of the page, you see a short bio saying that he is a graphic designer/typography designer. When reading that he is a graphic designer/typography designer, you immediately question why there is not more visual graphic appeal to his website. You also question why there isn't a sample of his work to view on the homepage. Even with the lack of this, the site does an okay job of giving you a depiction of Jason. It also does an okay job of providing interaction on the site. It consists of blog entries, access to social media and recommended reading, helping you stay up to date on Jason and his work. All of the links and videos integrated on the site work properly and are not broken. The interface is easy to navigate.


        In my opinion, this website could you some simple enhancements. The first enhancement would be to create a more visually appealing site or at least homepage.  It can be done by adding a few graphics/pictures/animations or even just a more interesting color theme or headliner. This will help to catch the eye and attention of people that come onto the site. Since the author of the site is a graphic designer/typography designer, he should create samples of his work on the homepage for easy viewing. Also, a brief bio for him and the website should be first on the homepage so viewers can automatically know who Jason is and what his site is about. Doing some of these things will help to enhance the online viewer experience of Jason Santa Maria when accessing the site.